README.md, before:

# Emoji Ninja 🥷

Become the emoji master in any chat🤙

A performant macOS emoji picker. No fuss, just find emojis. Fast.

![Screenshot](demo/screenshot.png)

## Features

- **Fast Search**: Find your favorite emoji with ease 🔍️
- **Keyboard Navigation**: Arrow keys + Enter for selection ⌨️
- **Smart pop**: The window pops next to your cursor if you prefer to use your mouse 🖱️
- **Skin Tone Support**: Choose from different skin tones 🌈
- **Global Hotkey**: Quick access with `⌘⌃Space` 🔥🔑
- **100% Offline**

Free and open source. Forever.

## Downloads
Pre-built application bundles can be downloaded from [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/mikkelam/emoji-ninja/releases/).

Note that the app bundles are not signed and notarised (as I'm currently not paying Apple for the privilege), so you'll need to [disable Gatekeeper](https://disable-gatekeeper.github.io) for Emoji Ninja. I apologize for this inconvenience.

### Build from Source

build and run:
```bash
./build.sh --run
```

### Requirements

- macOS 14.0+
- Swift 6.0+

# Development
This project is Xcode free 🙂‍↕️

## Build Options

The included build script supports various options:

```bash
./build.sh [OPTIONS]

Options:
  -r, --run         Run the app after building
  --release         Build in release mode
  --clean           Clean build artifacts before building
  --app-bundle      Create a proper .app bundle (default with -r )
  -h, --help        Show help message
```


## License

MIT License

Commit message:

Switch to just and add auto release workflow
also update readme

README.md, after:

# Emoji Ninja 🥷

Become the emoji master in any chat🤙

A performant macOS emoji picker. No fuss, just find emojis. Fast.

![Screenshot](demo/screenshot.png)

## Features

- **Fast Search**: Find your favorite emoji with ease 🔍️
- **Keyboard Navigation**: Arrow keys + Enter for selection ⌨️
- **Smart pop**: The window pops next to your cursor if you prefer to use your mouse 🖱️
- **Skin Tone Support**: Choose from different skin tones 🌈
- **Global Hotkey**: Quick access with `⌘⌃Space` 🔥🔑
- **100% Offline**

Free and open source. Forever.

## Downloads
Pre-built application bundles can be downloaded from [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/mikkelam/emoji-ninja/releases/).

**Installation:** Since the app is unsigned (keeping it free!), macOS will show a security warning on first launch.

**To install:**
1. Download and extract the app to Applications
2. **Right-click** the app and select **"Open"**
3. Click **"Open"** in the security dialog
4. The app will now launch normally in the future

This is the standard process for many free Mac apps and only needs to be done once.

### Build from Source

**Requirements:**
- macOS 14.0+
- Swift 6.0+
- [just](https://github.com/casey/just) command runner: `brew install just`

**Install to /Applications:**
```bash
just install
```

**Development workflow:**
```bash
just dev    # Build and run with console logs visible
```

## Development

This project is Xcode-free! All builds use Swift Package Manager via `just` commands.

**Essential commands:**
- `just dev` - Build debug version and run (shows console output for debugging)
- `just run` - Build and run debug version
- `just install` - Build release version and install to /Applications
- `just clean` - Clean build artifacts
- `just -l` - Show all available commands

## License

MIT License
